# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements-dev.in -o requirements-dev.txt
ansible-builder==3.1.0
    # via
    #   ansible-dev-environment
    #   ansible-dev-tools
    #   ansible-navigator
ansible-compat==25.8.1
    # via
    #   ansible-dev-tools
    #   ansible-lint
    #   molecule
    #   pytest-ansible
ansible-core==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
    #   molecule
    #   pytest-ansible
ansible-creator==25.9.0
    # via ansible-dev-tools
ansible-dev-environment==25.8.0
    # via ansible-dev-tools
ansible-dev-tools==25.8.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ansible-lint==25.9.0
    # via
    #   ansible-dev-tools
    #   ansible-navigator
ansible-navigator==25.9.0
    # via ansible-dev-tools
ansible-runner==2.4.1
    # via ansible-navigator
ansible-sign==0.1.2
    # via ansible-dev-tools
argcomplete==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
bindep==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ansible-builder
    #   ansible-dev-environment
    #   tox-extra
black==25.9.0
    # via ansible-lint
bracex==2.6
    # via wcmatch
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via tox
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   cryptography
    #   onigurumacffi
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   click-help-colors
    #   molecule
click-help-colors==0.9.4
    # via molecule
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
distlib==0.4.0
    # via
    #   ansible-sign
    #   virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   bindep
    #   selinux
docker==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   molecule-plugins
enrich==1.2.7
    # via molecule
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via tox-extra
identify==2.6.14
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via ansible-lint
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-creator
    #   ansible-navigator
    #   molecule
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   ansible-builder
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
    #   ansible-navigator
    #   molecule
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via python-daemon
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
molecule==25.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   ansible-dev-tools
    #   molecule-plugins
molecule-plugins==25.8.12
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
onigurumacffi==1.4.1
    # via ansible-navigator
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   ansible-builder
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   ansible-runner
    #   bindep
    #   black
    #   molecule
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-ansible
    #   tox
    #   tox-extra
    #   tox-uv
parsley==1.3
    # via bindep
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   black
    #   yamllint
pbr==7.0.1
    # via bindep
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ansible-runner
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   molecule
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pre-commit==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyproject-api==1.9.1
    # via tox
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   pytest-ansible
    #   pytest-plus
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   tox-ansible
pytest-ansible==25.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   ansible-dev-tools
    #   tox-ansible
pytest-plus==0.8.1
    # via pytest-ansible
pytest-sugar==1.1.1
    # via pytest-ansible
pytest-xdist==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   pytest-ansible
    #   tox-ansible
python-daemon==3.1.2
    # via ansible-runner
python-gnupg==0.5.5
    # via ansible-sign
pytokens==0.1.10
    # via black
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   ansible-builder
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-creator
    #   ansible-dev-environment
    #   ansible-lint
    #   ansible-navigator
    #   ansible-runner
    #   molecule
    #   pre-commit
    #   tox-ansible
    #   yamllint
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   docker
    #   molecule-plugins
resolvelib==1.2.0
    # via ansible-core
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   enrich
    #   molecule
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.15
    # via ansible-lint
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   ruamel-yaml
selinux==0.3.0
    # via molecule-plugins
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   ansible-dev-tools
    #   ansible-navigator
    #   pbr
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
subprocess-tee==0.4.2
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-dev-environment
    #   ansible-lint
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via pytest-sugar
tox==4.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   tox-ansible
    #   tox-extra
    #   tox-uv
tox-ansible==25.8.0
    # via ansible-dev-tools
tox-extra==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
tox-uv==1.28.0
    # via tox-extra
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via pytest-ansible
tzdata==2025.2
    # via ansible-navigator
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   requests
uv==0.8.19
    # via tox-uv
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   tox
wcmatch==10.1
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   molecule
yamllint==1.37.1
    # via ansible-lint
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
